com/empresax/autonomo/api/request/PhoneRequest.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.request.PhoneRequest
com/empresax/autonomo/model/Address.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.model.Address
com/empresax/autonomo/api/request/AddressRequest.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.request.AddressRequest
com/empresax/autonomo/api/response/ClientResponse.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.response.ClientResponse
com/empresax/autonomo/service/ProductService.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.service.ProductService
com/empresax/autonomo/api/request/UserRequest.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.request.UserRequest
com/empresax/autonomo/api/response/ProductResponse.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.response.ProductResponse
com/empresax/autonomo/api/request/ProductRequest.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.request.ProductRequest
com/empresax/autonomo/service/ClientService.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.service.ClientService
com/empresax/autonomo/api/request/ClientRequest.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.request.ClientRequest
com/empresax/autonomo/model/Supplier.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.model.Supplier
com/empresax/autonomo/exception/NullEntityException.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.exception.NullEntityException
com/empresax/autonomo/api/exceptionhandler/EntityNotFoundHandler.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.exceptionhandler.EntityNotFoundHandler
com/empresax/autonomo/repository/SupplierRepository.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.repository.SupplierRepository
com/empresax/autonomo/service/UserService.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.service.UserService
com/empresax/autonomo/api/controller/UserController.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.controller.UserController
com/empresax/autonomo/model/OrderItem.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.model.OrderItem
com/empresax/autonomo/model/Phone.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.model.Phone
com/empresax/autonomo/api/response/OrderResponse.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.response.OrderResponse
com/empresax/autonomo/model/Client.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.model.Client
com/empresax/autonomo/model/OrderStatus.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.model.OrderStatus
com/empresax/autonomo/api/controller/SupplierController.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.controller.SupplierController
com/empresax/autonomo/repository/ProductRepository.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.repository.ProductRepository
com/empresax/autonomo/api/controller/ProductController.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.controller.ProductController
com/empresax/autonomo/api/response/SupplierResponse.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.response.SupplierResponse
com/empresax/autonomo/repository/ClientRepository.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.repository.ClientRepository
com/empresax/autonomo/api/request/OrderRequest.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.request.OrderRequest
com/empresax/autonomo/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.repository.UserRepository
com/empresax/autonomo/model/Product.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.model.Product
com/empresax/autonomo/model/Order.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.model.Order
com/empresax/autonomo/GestaoMicroNegocioApplication.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.GestaoMicroNegocioApplication
com/empresax/autonomo/model/User.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.model.User
com/empresax/autonomo/service/SupplierService.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.service.SupplierService
com/empresax/autonomo/api/request/SupplierRequest.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.request.SupplierRequest
com/empresax/autonomo/api/controller/ClientController.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.api.controller.ClientController
com/empresax/autonomo/repository/AddressRepository.java
 com.empresax.autonomo.repository.AddressRepository
